  ___ __ _ _ __ __ ___    ____ _ _ __
 / __/ _` | '__/ _` \ \  / / _` | '_ \ 
| (_| (_| | | | (_| |\ \/ / (_| | | | |
 \___\__,_|_|  \__,_| \__/ \__,_|_| |_| v0.9

| GPL-3.0 | (c) 2022-2023 r3w0p |

A CLI version of the Caravan card game from Fallout: New Vegas.


===========
HOW TO PLAY
===========

The game is played with two players building three opposing "caravans" (i.e.
piles) of cards. The goal is for each of your caravans to "outbid" your
opponent's caravan directly opposite from it, with a bid that is neither too
light (under 21) nor overburdened (over 26). If two opposing caravans are within
this range, then you must aim to get the highest bid within this range. Once all
three opposing caravans have been "sold", the player with two or more sales wins
the game.

The cards in a caravan constitute its bid, with numeric cards (ACE, 2-10)
primarily determining its bid value. Each caravan has a suit, which is initially
determined by the suit of the first numeric card placed in it. Caravans also
have a direction, ascending or descending, which is initially determined by its
first two numeric cards.

All subsequent numeric cards placed in a caravan must continue in its direction
if the card being placed does not have the same suit as the caravan. Numeric
cards being placed with a matching suit to the caravan can be in any direction
and may, therefore, change the direction of the caravan. Cards of the same
numeric "rank" (i.e. value) can never be played in sequence. A caravan can have,
at most, ten numeric cards in it.

For example:
 - An ascending caravan with a 4♠ at the top must be followed by 5-10, or ACE-3
   if the card being placed is also of suit ♠.
 - A 4♠ played onto a 5♥ changes the caravan's suit from ♥ to ♠.
 - A 5♠ cannot be played onto a 5♥ because they are both of rank 5.

Face cards (JACK, QUEEN, KING, JOKER) can be attached to ACE, 2-10 cards in any
caravan by any player, except during the Start round discussed below. Face cards
can be placed, at most, five times on a single card. The properties of each card
are as follows:

- ACE, 2-10
  Their listed value increases a caravan's bid by that amount. ACE has a value
  of 1.

- JACK
  Removes a numeric card from a caravan, and any face cards attached to it.

- QUEEN
  Reverses the current direction of the caravan and changes the current suit of
  the caravan to the QUEEN's suit. A QUEEN can only be played on the most recent
  numeric card in a caravan.

- KING
  Adds the value of that card again. For example, a KING played on a 9 adds 9 to
  that hand. Multiple kings may be played on the same card for multiplicative
  effects. For example:
   - 4 + KING = 8
   - 4 + two KINGs = 16

- JOKER
  When played against an ACE:
   - Removes all other numeric cards of the ACE's suit from the table. For
     example: a JOKER on an A♠ removes all ♠ cards except for face cards and
     the A♠ it was placed on.

  When played against 2-10:
   - Removes all other cards of its value from the table. For example, a JOKER
     played on a 4♥ removes all 4s from the table except for the 4♥ it was
     played on.

A Caravan deck consists of a minimum of 30 cards and a maximum of 156 cards. It
can be comprised of cards sampled, without replacement, from 1 to 3 standard
52-card decks (inclusive).

When the game begins, a Start round takes place where each player plays three
numeric cards: one into each of their caravans. During this round:
 - Each player's hand has eight cards, which is permanently reduced to five once
   the Start round has ended.
 - No face cards can be played.
 - No cards can be removed from the player's hand.
 - No caravans can be cleared of their cards.
After the Start round has ended, the above restrictions are lifted.


========
CONTROLS
========

During your turn, you are prompted to provide one of the following options:

 - (P)LAY one card onto any caravan and draw a new card from your deck into your
   hand. For example:
    > P2F
      Play card 2 from your hand into caravan F (assuming card 2 is numeric).
    > P4F10
      Play card 4 from your hand into caravan F at numeric card 10 (assuming
      card 4 is a face card).

 - (D)ISCARD one card from your hand and draw a new card.
    > D3
      Remove card 3 from your hand.

 - (C)LEAR all cards from one of your own caravans.
    > CE
      Clear caravan E.
